Panic after an Israeli air strike hit
Central
Gaza people rushed to look for survivors
after bombs hit an UNR School in the
nerat refugee
camp this residential area has become
unrecognizable buildings lie in Ruins
demolished by another Israeli Attack
Just hours
before this was home to the abush shakan
family not only for them other families
had sought Refuge here after being
displaced by Israeli bombings elsewhere
including women and
children the Israelis continue to
slaughter our people 15 members of my
family were killed in one lot 20 members
of another it's a
crime we recovered some dead bodies the
rest are still buried under the debris
we are
speechless the destruction stretches for
kilometers this is the aftermath of an
Israeli attack in Rafa in the South a
police car meant to secure property
became a Target killing six
Palestinians their bodies are taken to
the nearby alaxa
hospital inside the hospital bodies are
collected for a
funeral these Palestinians were killed
when bombs rained down on an anra
Warehouse in the central magazi
Camp the Gaza Health Ministry has issued
another warning the few functioning
hospitals across the strip are on the
brink of
collapse they say a Lifeline to keep
generators up and running is critically
low and The Chronic shortage is
hampering efforts to save lives Axel
zovich aljazera
make sure to subscribe to our channel to
get the latest news from Al jazer